Croiso, welcome.
As Hugh Perry said, I've just come from Algeria, but I was not basking.
It was it was raining all day one day I was there and the weather was much nicer in Seattle,
so don't feel envious for me.
I work in the marketing department of one of the more well-known airplane manufacturers around here,
and I want to do a very quick marketing survey.
You just bear with me. How many people were with us last year at the Gamandva?
You raise your hands, please.
Okay, how many people were here the year before?
Good.
Now, how many of you were in Gamandva's hell here in Seattle back in the good old days when there was the Welsh Church?
Anybody?
Good.
Okay, now the key question. Who has never been to a Gamandva before?
Oh my, well that's encouraging because we're getting in new blood.
I'm going to address my next remarks specifically to you people and
the key words are don't worry about what to do. There are no rules. This is a very informal event.
The idea is to have fun.
Tim Dick, our director, will tell you exactly what to do and
he'll take good care of you.
Now, if you get warm singing, as I always do, take your coats off.
You'll see the choir's already starting to get informal and I'm going to do the same thing.
I'm convinced that I could survive in the Arctic as long as I could keep singing to keep my temperature up.
I can already start to see vocal cords twitching, so I'm not going to talk much longer.
All I ask is that you sing
from the heart and
tenors or aspiring tenors,
there are no substantiated case of permanent physical injury resulting from straining for high notes.
And now let me just say,
Deoch canu nir ar gloib,
Come sing to the Lord.
Tim Dick, our director, will now lead us.